<topic xmlns:ns0="http://www.w3.org/ime/cms" xmlns:ns1="http://www.megalinkware.com" xml:lang="en-US" id="topic-DTO001177" ns0:keys="DTO001177" ns0:title="版本记录" ns0:placeholder="DTO001494" ns0:number="DTO001646" ns0:imesofttype="sDitaTopic" ns0:sourcedocnumber="DTO006205" ns0:sourcedocversion="A.19"><title id="tit66c5e712">Version History</title><body id="bod8249b344"><table id="tab9893322e" outputclass="180 mm"><tgroup cols="4" id="tgr8554f683"><colspec colname="col1" colwidth="0.46*" id="col60e480a8"> </colspec><colspec colname="col2" colwidth="0.82*" id="col68c3fd2f"> </colspec><colspec colname="col3" colwidth="0.44*" id="colaea6108a"> </colspec><colspec colname="COLSPEC0" colwidth="2.28*" id="col750a5b0f"> </colspec><thead id="the0aefe9ae"><row id="rowd74b5d27"><entry ns1:bgcolor="#FFFFFF" id="ent616415df" valign="middle" /><entry id="ent88ed6e74" valign="middle"><p id="p23e48ddd">日期</p></entry><entry id="ent82402bb3" valign="middle"><p id="p2f981200">版本</p></entry><entry id="ent72e6e377" valign="middle"> <p id="pf010d3ec">Revision Description</p> </entry></row></thead><tbody id="tbo6e35aef5"><row id="row51d38e3f"><entry ns1:bgcolor="#C0C0C0" id="ent79c60f9b" valign="middle" morerows="3"> 
  
  
 <p id="p90299e1b"> 修订</p> </entry><entry id="ent5465db59" valign="middle"> <p id="p72b3fdc7"> <ns0:rev type="1" id="cms47225dc2">May 15, 2026</ns0:rev></p> </entry><entry id="entd4435713" valign="middle"> <p id="pf5283729"> <ns0:rev type="1" id="revfc3b73ab">5.0</ns0:rev></p> </entry><entry id="ent70e87ac5" valign="middle"> <ul id="ul8a5d79de"><li id="lif27d6c3a"><p id="p175dc0f5">Add revision descriptions to the "Version History" chapter.</p></li><li id="li8e576d09"><p id="pd6b97b11">Add a note in the "Front View" section: "Maximum load for the keyboard tray is 6 kg"</p></li><li id="li8f49e20b"><p id="p53db64ff">"Login Interface" Chapter Optimization Description</p></li><li id="li75768366"><p id="p4418f5bd">Update the "Home Screen" chapter's "Idle Analysis" icon to the "Data Analysis" icon and its corresponding description, and add a description of the submenu for the "Cleaning" button in the Slide A operation area.</p></li><li id="liede31cf9"><p id="p64646773">The "Data Analysis Interface" chapter changes "Idle Analysis" to "Data Analysis" and updates the corresponding description.</p></li><li id="li86aff3f2"><p id="paf3f5bb3">Optimize the control function descriptions in the "Sequencing Record Interface" and "Load Consumables Interface" sections</p></li><li id="li6619c98a"><p id="p99ee672a">Add chapters on the introduction, configuration requirements, and network requirements of the MGI-αCube data center all-in-one machine.</p></li><li id="lie748610f"><p id="p2f5f71e6">Add the recommended brand and catalog number of Tween-20 in the "Preparation of Auxiliary Equipment and Consumables" section.</p></li><li id="lic421b404"><p id="pee5ecd08">Software interface diagrams and related operation descriptions involved in the update of the "Sequencing", "Perform routine cleaning", and "Perform maintenance cleaning" chapters</p></li><li id="li62ade564"><p id="p14f276eb">Add the "View Sequencing Status via aCube" section</p></li><li id="li41742471"><p id="pf68af632">Update the interface diagrams in the "Continuation Test Method 1" and "Continuation Test Method 2" sections.</p></li></ul> </entry></row><row id="row121fc2d9"><entry id="entbb9f0114" valign="middle"> <p id="p9d323e63">February 5, 2026</p> </entry><entry id="ent817335d0" valign="middle"> <p id="p2f37e095">4.0</p> </entry><entry id="ent73b7357d" valign="middle"> <p id="p319e3313">In the "Sequencing Reagent Kit Component List", the "Transport Temperature" of the test reagent kits and wash reagent kits for all reagent kits has been updated from "below 40 °C" to "below 55 °C".</p> </entry></row><row id="row1a208d65"><entry id="ent33e15afc" valign="middle"><p id="p7c7c1219">November 24, 2025</p></entry><entry id="ent39caaacc" valign="middle"><p id="p17160fe0">3.0 </p></entry><entry id="entbf8d0dd7" valign="middle"><ul id="ula63496c8"><li id="li898c49f6"><p id="pf37893e5">The "Electrical Safety" section adds a power cord requirement notice: "Ensure that the power cord used complies with local safety standards and has a rated current carrying capacity greater than 25 A. Otherwise, damage to the power cord or the instrument may occur."</p></li><li id="li5ff76ea4"><p id="p504872f4">Update all software interface screenshots, related interface text, and corresponding icon descriptions, etc.</p></li><li id="lic42d1ce2"><p id="p7746f4c9">Optimize the operation step descriptions in chapters such as "Shutdown" and "Login".</p></li><li id="lidd9e7ee7"><p id="pffd448e5">Update the reagent trough thawing method in the "Thawing Sequencing Reagent Trough" chapter</p></li><li id="lif42c4228"><p id="p27b1e4fb">Add spatiotemporal visualization reagent kit (STO FCL PE75) and related descriptions</p></li><li id="li84041f5f"><p id="pe3728260">Add sub-sections such as "DNB Preparation by Sequencer (Spatiotemporal Library)", "Manual DNB Preparation (Spatiotemporal Library)", and "Fill in Parameters (Spatiotemporal)" in "Sequencing".</p></li><li id="li371acfac"><p id="p26c0ba32">Added relevant prompts for NaClO in the "Prepare Cleaning Reagents 1&amp;2" chapter</p></li><li id="li58c31b23"><p id="p2357c525">Update the diagrams and descriptions in the "Import Barcode File Guide" section.</p></li></ul>  </entry></row><row id="row06fc022d"><entry id="ent4c71af65" valign="middle"> <p id="pc5f4a675">July 3, 2025</p> </entry><entry id="ent49625575" valign="middle"> <p id="p0f107ad0">2.0 </p> </entry><entry id="ent8e95fea2" valign="middle"><ul id="ul18f28e56"><li id="li346ddaa2"><p id="p3d8f328e">Adding sections such as "Reagent Kit Introduction", "Sequencing Preparation Workflow", "Sequencing Data", "Maintenance and Cleaning", "Frequently Asked Questions", "Guide to Importing Barcode Files", "Custom Sequencing Protocols", "Custom Primer Replacement", "DNB Quantification Operation", etc., to form this system operation guide.</p></li><li id="li16a85934"><p id="pfb654157">Update the operational description of the "Sequencing" chapter</p></li><li id="li95a96def"><p id="p786e2973">Update Laser Label</p></li></ul>  </entry></row><row id="row4a90e5a0"><entry ns1:bgcolor="#C0C0C0" id="entf4f0de90" valign="middle"><p id="p6e8f03cf">编制</p></entry><entry id="ent0f1ed996" valign="middle"><p id="p00036bce">May 12, 2025</p></entry><entry id="entc80fd5ed" valign="middle"><p id="p75c843ff">1.0</p></entry><entry id="ent8149aa4d" valign="middle"> <p id="p4c322ae0">Initial Release</p> </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table> </body></topic>